Add Docker examples (#24)
grammyjs/examples: docker-node/README.md

## Dockerizing Node.js Bot Example

> This example illustrates how to run a Node.js bot using Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to use Docker to run grammY bots written for Node.js.
```

> ## Dockerizing Node.js Bot Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker Example (Node.js)
```
